[Music]
there they are
I've made it to Pablo's group at last
[Music]
the gorillas are even more magnificent
than I remember
it's good gorilla manners to greet them
in their language and let them know we
pose no threat the last thing we want to
do is Surprise them or make them feel
uneasy or stressed out when I was here
almost 20 years ago I was allowed to get
incredibly close to these gorillas you
know they would even climb on top of me
but that kind of close contact is no
longer allowed the fact that we share
over 98% of the same genes with gorillas
means they can easily catch our
illnesses so now we have to keep a
distance of 25 feet to reduce the spread
of disease and visits are limited to
just one hour a day another one of the
rules of gorilla etiquette is never to
make sudden movements or run away
I was here before I'm trying to remember
how many gorillas there were 25 and now
this group is actually split into two
groups and the group we're seeing today
is 59 it's a town that's fantastic just
see where the silverback is I can't see
Pablo it's great to see so many gorillas
but there aren't any that I recognize
oh my gosh I'm sure that's Pablo
[Music]
he's keeping an eye on us as long as
he's secure so are we you can see baby
so playing near their father they're
hustling
babies
[Music]
I wasn't expecting Pablo to turn round
and for a split second his eyes meet
mine in that mesmerizing moment twenty
years to slip away he still looks the
same
just has a few more gray hairs as do I
you